I missed ya, girl.
The  Cloudslayer
flies again!
Cloudslayer? That is way
better than the Sunchaser.
Whoo! Why would Huey and Louie
want to miss thi-i-is?
- I think I may have some idea.
- Their loss.
Dewey and Della Duck on their
first high-flying adventure!
Not "adventure."
Business venture.
We are headed to Boarway,
home of the Von Drake
Doomsday Vault!
Ooh!
- A sterile seed depository.
- Meh.
My old colleague
Ludwig Von Drake
collected millions of seeds for
safekeeping in case of apocalypse.
Unfortunately, the vault's been
damaged by melting permafrost.
We must convince the owners
to hire McDuck Bin Securities
to fix it.
If we manage to get there
in one piece.
Please, Uncle Scrooge. I've been
flying since before Donald could walk.
Och, fine.
You know what you're do...
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Now, all that stands between
me and that contract is...
Flintheart Glomgold!
Lightning!
I cut his
dramatic-entrance budget.
♪ Life is like a hurricane ♪
♪ Here in Duckburg ♪
♪ Race cars, lasers
Airplanes ♪
♪ It's a duck-blur ♪
♪ We might solve a mystery ♪
♪ Or rewrite history ♪
♪ Ducktales, whoo-ooh ♪
♪ Every day they're out there
Making Ducktales ♪
♪ Whoo-ooh ♪
♪ Tales of derring-do ♪
♪ Bad and good-luck tales ♪
♪ Whoo-ooh ♪
♪ D-D-Danger lurks behind you ♪
♪ There's a stranger
Out to find you ♪
♪ What to do? ♪
♪ Just grab on
To some Ducktales ♪
♪ Whoo-ooh ♪
♪ Every day they're out there ♪
♪ Making Ducktales ♪
♪ Whoo-ooh ♪
♪ Tales of daring
Bad and good ♪
♪ Not ponytails
Or cottontails ♪
- ♪ No, Ducktales! ♪
- ♪ Whoo-ooh! ♪
*DUCKTALES (2017)*
Season 02  Episode 13
Title: Raiders of the Doomsday Vault!"
The noble seed.
Our hope for
a better tomorrow.
Carefully tended, a seed
will sprout with promise.
That's what your father,
Ludwig, wanted for you...
what any parent wants for their
child really... -
to see them thrive in the face
of an uncertain tomorrow.
In that vault
lies everything
the world needs to survive
a doomsday scenario:
food, water, shelter,
poison darts,
vampire antitoxin,
and... the fabled Money Tree
of Aurum Oros.
- Oh!
- Money tree?
Owlson, why didn't you tell me
there was a money tree?
It was one of several points in the
presentation I prepared for you,
which I'm now realizing
you didn't read.
Great.
The money tree is the most
venerated of vegetation.
To gaze upon
even its seed
- is to know the true meaning of wonder.
- Ah!
I swear to lock them up
so tight
that nothing will ever touch those
seeds until the end of the world.
Aw.
Mm!
We've got to see
those money tree seeds
before Scrooge
locks them up forever!
Jinx! Double jinx!
My son, literally
running toward adventure.
I've never been more proud
than this moment.
Race ya to the  Cloudslayer!
The Doomsday Vault
is the key to our future.
So far, so good.
A future in which I make
more money than McDuck,
win our bet,
and win his company!
Here's where you come in.
I break into the vault,
grab the money tree,
we split the profits 90/10,
then I blow up the vault
to cover our tracks!
What he means is,
we will respectfully blow
your minds
with how secure
we'll make that vault,
- for half the price.
- Uh-huh.
And if you don't
give us the job,
I'm just gonna steal
the tree anyway, so-o-o...
So sorry, everyone.
Deepest apologies.
I can't believe he lost us
another contract.
Congratulations, Mr. McDuck.
You have the job there.
No more cockamamie ploys!
Cockamamie ploy?
That was clearly
a maniacal scheme.
How long have you
worked for me?
I don't work for you! I am
the only one who keeps you
from ruining this company
with your brainless plots!
Schemes.
Better luck next time,
Flinty.
See you back in Duckburg.
Uh, where is my plane?
And Dewey? And Dell...
Oh, no.
♪ To stand out ♪
♪ Above the crowd ♪
♪ Even if I gotta
Shout out loud ♪
♪ Till mine is
The only face that you'll see ♪
♪ I gotta stand out ♪
♪ Till you notice me ♪
Nailed it!
Mom, stop. No I'm just kidding.
Keep going.
When I was stuck on the moon,
all I thought about
was teaching you
how to adventure.
Well, that and avoiding
horrifying moon monsters.
But you're already
a natural at all of this!
Roger Dodger!
As the crow flies!
Copilot to pilot,
we're a go for, um, uh,
flying, I guess?
Copilot? No way.
You're pilot material, buddy.
Take the stick!
Me, fly the  Suncha...
I mean, Cloudslayer?
Scrooge won't even let me
touch the toaster.
You're my kid.
You can do anything.
You are the best mom!
Now, close your eyes.
Feel the sky.
I'm doing it.
I'm Dewey-ing...
I am so sorry.
For what?
That was a perfect first try.
I'm so proud of you,
Dewey.
To adventure!
So, you want to do this
the easy way...
or the fun way?
I am offended
you had to ask.
Easy, Beakley.
Della wouldn't just
steal an aircraft
and set out on a whim.
Oh, you know,
except for that one time.
But she's matured,
and I'll just...
- What in the blazes?
- Aha! Capture Scrooge,
force him to get me to the
vault, steal the money tree.
Brilliant scheming,
Glomgold.
Beakley, I'm gonna
have to call you back.
Oh, well, seems I'm headed
to the vault anyway.
Might as well
take your plane.
Oh, Owlson took my plane.
I captured you
so I could take yours.
Looks like we're walking.
With no gear, no supplies?
You want to march blindly,
without thinking? Uh...
I forgot who I was talking to.
Let's go back to base camp.
We need to prepare.
I know where I'm going!
You're on thin ice, Glomgold.
I don't have to listen
to you, McDuck.
No, you are
literally on...
All part of the scheme!
Money tree, here we come!
I can't stop laughing!
Pretty weird way
to build a bridge.
Dewey, honey, I don't think they
built it with a big hole in it.
It must've been torn apart
when the ice melted
and this
crevice widened.
Welcome, survivors.
If you're here,
the world has ended.
So sad.
But congratulations
on not being eaten by zombies
or hyper-intelligent
hairless apes
or something like that.
Now, don't worry,
because I,
Professor Ludwig Von Drake,
have prepared
for every possible threat.
Except climate change,
apparently.
Now, then,
you are gonna see
a color pad
next to the door.
I thought
the apocalypse
might be brought about
by werewolves.
You know, they're very smart
with numbers,
but they's extremely
colorblind.
Now, the password
is very simple.
It's, uh... Oy, hold on.
What is that...
That's right.
♪ Red, yellow, green, red
Blue, blue, blue ♪
♪ Red, purple, green, yellow
Orange, red, red ♪
Ah, stupid frozen buttons!
Buzz-kill barricade!
This blows chunks!
Hey, a vent!
Oh, I don't think
I can fit through there.
Oh! But you could!
- Crawl through and let me in!
- On it!
Alley-dewp!
See you on the other side.
Miss you already!
♪ Gonna crawl through this vent
Gonna make my mom proud ♪
♪ Gonna earn the love I want
So Dew-sperately ♪
- What was that, honey?
- N-Nothing. Nothing.
♪ Perfect recovery ♪
- ♪ No one heard that ♪
- Is everything all right?
There may be some kind of
trigger or electrical panel.
Yerp! I got this.
Whatever you do,
don't touch it.
Aw, phooey.
Okay. Dewey, override
the security system!
Sure.
Easy-peasy, lemon squeeze...
- Oh, no!
- Right.
If you were smart enough
to survive the apocalypse,
you should be able
to deduce
which wire will
deactivate the trap.
Otherwise,
anyone in that room
goes squish!
Good luck!
You got this, honey! You can do
anything you put your mind to!
Way to go, Dewford.
Your first adventure with your mom,
and you're gonna
get her killed!
Okay, focus, focus.
You have the 10, the nine.
You got your eight
over there.
Coming up on seven!
Six, five, four...
- Red. No.
- ...three...
Purple! No!
Chartreuse?
Just pick a wire!
Watch out, now.
Here comes two!
Hope you got this
figured out,
because
here comes the one.
No rush, honey!
You're doing great!
One quarter.
One eighth.
Not helping!
See? Now, that wasn't
so hard at all.
You're alive?
Oh, you're alive!
Whoo! I was inches from death,
terrified, then boom!
You pulled it out at the last
second for maximum tension!
Uh-huh.
What else will Dewey and Della conquer
together in the forbidden vault?
Yetis?
Escaped lab experiments?
Bacteria that will strip the very
flesh from our bones? Let's find out!
Yeah. Let's Dewey it.
I'm freezin'
me tail feathers off!
What would the kids want
in the seed vault?
Besides the opportunity
to inconvenience me?
Ech! The sooner
we find them,
the sooner
I can be rid of you.
Oh, what the crebbins
is this mess?
It's gonna cost me thousands to
replace these mangled mechanisms.
It's fine,
as long as they're safe.
Let's press forward.
Hang on.
I'm dryin' off by the fire.
Fire?
I cannae turn my back for one second!
We've gotta move!
Fine. I'll dry off quicker.
Welcome to my doomsday
seed vault...
- Cool!
- Oh, wow!
...encompassing
all the entirety
of plant life
on this planet,
including some very rare
and mythological plants.
I have treated each
and every little seed
with my Von Drake Super-growth
formula... patent pending...
So you don't starve to death
while you're waiting
for your crops to grow.
It will cause them to grow
at immense rates.
Hey, hey!
I wouldn't plant them
within a mile of each other,
for safety reasons.
So which one of these boxes
are the money tree seeds in?
Right...
...there.
Boy, it's a good thing we've got
this giant arm to help out.
Ah, phooey! Come on!
Ya worthless
hunk of junk! Ow!
Sorry, kid. Looks like we came
all this way for nothing.
So much for our first great
adventure together.
If I don't make it, tell my
brothers I was the best one!
Whoa!
Yeah!
Okay, just boulder up those
lockers like a rock wall.
Then once you have a seed, base-jump
back to the platform, and...
Wait. Is this crazy?
Crazy is my middle name!
Are you sure?
No, it's...
it's actually Dingus.
Ew, really?
No, I mean
it's pretty dangerous.
I can do this part
if you want.
Mom, relax.
I'm your son.
I can Dewey it.
I can do anything,
just like you told me!
Of course you can,
my little hero!
Huh?
I made it!
Of course you did!
So beautiful!
So worth it!
I knew you could...
- Oops.
- Aah!
This is all
your fault, Scrooge!
You shackled us together!
You poured gasoline
on the fire with no sense
of consequence!
What was I supposed to do?
Make me...
not do that?
Oh, I notice
the room is on fire.
I will activate
the sprinklers.
Blast! Frozen!
And to preserve
the seeds of humanity,
I will hereby
seal off the room!
Perfect!
Aah! Save me, Scrooge!
Okay, calm down.
Just need to open
the door using
the panel,
which the children broke.
So, we simply climb out
that vent...
that has also been compromised by
Della and Dewey's senseless actions.
Or for good reasons. Don't want
to jump to any conclusions.
The most pressing matter
is the fire.
So, we just need to
activate the sprink...
Can you never think
anything through, Della?
It's been over a decade,
and she's still the same
headstrong kid,
jumping blindly
into danger
or space
or any other disaster
without a thought to the
damage she leaves behind!
Whoa.
You've got, like,
your own whole personal thing
going on there.
Move!
Great.
Now I'm cold again.
Dewey, are you okay?
I got this, Mom!
Totally under control!
Do not worry!
Kids!
Oh. They were after the tree.
That makes sense.
You were running a
counter-scheme this whole time!
Send your family ahead while
you slow down old Glommy, eh?
That's my money tree!
I don't care about
the stupid tree.
My family is in danger!
When you abduct me, you can
decide what's important!
Okay, just get
some momentum going,
then swing yourself out
onto that nearest branch.
You can do it!
I can't! I can't do it!
Mo-o-om!
I got you.
I've always got you.
Give me that! And that!
Hey, no touching!
Ah, that's better.
And you two!
Uncle Scrooge,
I can explain.
Explain what?
That you stole my plane,
put us all in danger,
oh, and destroyed
humanity's only hope
for surviving
the end of the world?
Did you ever think of how you
were gonna get out of this? Hmm?
Simple. We jump.
Oh, no, you don't!
No more jumping headfirst into...
Trust me.
We can do this.
I got you.
Now!
I thought
we'd leave through here.
- How did you...
- What?
You gave a whole big presentation
with a map. I paid attention.
When you're stuck in space
for 10 years,
you pay attention
to exit strategies.
Dewey!
I'm sorry, Mom.
I let you down.
I'm not the adventurer
you hoped I'd be.
No, honey.
I will always believe
you can do anything,
but you never have to
prove anything to me.
Oh, how am
I gonna fix this?
You cannae!
You failed, McDuck!
Now the Von Drakes are going to fire
you, give me the job, and then...
I may have a way
out of this mess.
Learned a lot about
welding gold on the moon.
It's a right
bonny bin.
And since the gold came
from the money tree,
you saved me millions
in construction costs.
And we harvested enough seeds
to double what they had in...
I'm just gonna let someone else
put these seeds back.
But who's got all the money?
Glomgold does!
Prepare to lose our bet
and your company!
Uh... No!
Curse you, gentle breeze!
Aah!
Sync corrections by srjanapala
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org